Problem: (CRO-520) Current slashing/jailing mechanism not documented (#30)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/staking.md

last `block_signing_window` blocks. `block_signing_window` and `missed_block_threshold` are network parameters and can
be configured during genesis (currently, changing these network parameters at runtime is not supported). Tendermint
passes signing information to ABCI application as `last_commit_info` in `BeginBlock` request.

For example, if `block_signing_window` is `100` blocks and `missed_block_threshold` is `50` blocks, a validator will be
marked as **non-live** if they fail to successfully sign at least `50` blocks in last `100` blocks.

### Byzantine Faults (Double Signing)

A validator is said to make a byzantine fault when they sign conflicting transactions at the same height and round.
Tendermint has mechanisms to publish evidence of validators that signed conflicting votes (it passes this information to
ABCI application in `BeginBlock` request), so they can be punished by the application.

### Jailing

A validator is jailed if:

1. They are not **live**, i.e., they failed to successfully sign `missed_block_threshold` blocks in last
   `block_signing_window` blocks.

> 1. They make a byzantine fault, i.e., they sign conflicting transactions at same height and round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. They make a byzantine fault, e.g., they sign messages at same height and round.
```

When a validator gets jailed, they cannot perform any operations relating to their account, for example,
`withdraw_stake`, `deposit_stake`, `unbond_stake`, etc., until they are un-jailed. Also, a validator cannot be un-jailed
before `account.jailed_until` which is set to `block_time + jail_duration` while jailing. `jail_duration` is a network
parameter which can be configured during genesis.

### Un-jailing

When a jailed validator wishes to resume normal operations (after `account.jailed_until` has passed), they can create
`UnjailTx` which marks them as un-jailed and adds them back to validator set.

### Slashing

Similar to jailing, a validator is slashed if:

1. They are not **live**, i.e., they failed to successfully sign `missed_block_threshold` blocks in last
   `block_signing_window` blocks.

> 1. They make a byzantine fault, i.e., they sign conflicting transactions at same height and round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. They make a byzantine fault, e.g., they sign messages at same height and round.
```
